hey guys this time I'm reviewing a new
custom figure another one
this is Dakin it might look like what I
made before because it's almost the
exact same figure this is the second
Dakin I've made this is for a new
customer he liked the first one there
are a few changes to this one so I'll go
ahead and explain those to you while we
go through the review this is a black
panther body with Wonder man hands that
have been modified stands it six and a
quarter inches which is standard for the
Black Panther Wonder Man base figure
which i think is really nice base figure
he like I said here's the Wonder Man
hands that have been modified put the
claws in there the claws are made out of
styrene cheating that I chipped away yet
to give the bone effect hopefully it's
showing off I don't know how bright the
camera is but there's the claws this
time we made them a little bit more
comic styled a little bigger and more
emphasized I wanted him to look a little
more menacing same head is before the
xmc Wolverine slightly modified in the
face the nose has been trimmed a little
bit the cheeks in the channel can trim
just a little bit and then of course the
ears have been changed a lot I made
those look like the Dakin masks rather
than a regular Wolverine mask the eyes
and teeth have been painted with a gloss
so the I mean the other parts of the
mouth as well that way they give it a
little bit more realism that actually
looks wet and shiny the rest of the
figure is relatively matte their lights
making it look like the brown parts are
a little shiny but they're not really
it's just the texture reflecting the
light and then the wraps are a super
flat paint so that they look actually
like rock wraps and don't have any Sheen
to them at all the claws do have a
little bit of a gloss to them just a
little bit because I wanted them to look
like bone and bones I don't know I've
never seen really bone claws in person
maybe you guys have that would be
interesting if that's
the case but I think it looks cool like
that it gives a little contrast so those
are mostly gloss white with a little bit
of shading on them then the whole body
was just painted black with a couple
layers of brown dry brushing to get the
texture and the feet were sculpted with
his little sandal slide ninja slipper
things don't really care for those but
that's what the new costume has so
that's what he has - those have been
Rhys Culp tada the wraps were put on
that is a neoprene sheeting it's not
rubber bands it is a pretty tricky to
get your hands on but if you can
customizers out there get some it's
really handy for this type of thing it
really works out well cut it any
thickness you want and then it's really
flexible and glues really well so it's
really great for customizing this Dakin
has full range of motion full
articulation still only articulation he
lost was in his feet since I desculpe
the slippers I didn't want the
articulation in there and to risk
ruining the sculpt and it's not that
necessary anyways these ankle joints
have tons of motion in them range of
motion so having the toe joint in
there's not really necessary in my
opinion but uh he's got lots of
poseability
this figure so really cool figured have
even if you're not a big Dakin fan this
is a nice one to add to the collection
because it just poses really well and is
becoming more of a popular character so
I assume that's why I keep getting
commissions I don't know but there's
Dakin relatively simple figure but I
think it turned out pretty well and the
customers happy so they're heavy thanks
for watching keep an eye out for more
reviews and more custom figures and as
always keep collecting